yeah yeah you want also I'd little bit
aminophenyl like okay well you give me a
whole company's the right one more not
this is more it's not the same i care i
think i'm a little do for the second
colleges or die soon they will change
this meeting yeah yes well as tomorrow
okay actually we should change the
bishop to England there because this is
the same as doing a bigger one little
puppies yeah it's okay okay yeah okay
you will come from somebody 30 round six
in two days seven points
we just ended the games of day two in
round six just like yesterday the games
ended in draws however it was a whole
lot more dramatic first the two Russian
Grand Masters Tomashevsky and done Drake
in ended in a draw although Tomashevsky
at first decline the draw offer by and
raking however after 29 moves they both
felt it's better to conserve that energy
for tomorrow
on the other hand in the kramnik
bachelor grab game there was a lot of
excitement vladimir kramnik played in
typical Kramnik style a very good game
out played in a long endgame Luke night
and three pounds versus rook night and
two pawns his french younger opponent
however after achieving an extra night
and phone advantage Luka Night and phone
versus rook he missed the winning move
and amazingly that position later on
even though he still had his extra night
and phone the position was a draw and
the French Grand Master Maxine Bochy
lagrave defended excellently and
survived after later the game ended in a
Brooklyn night versus rook endgame made
the 50 moves a total of 125 moves long
fight and he earned very much deserved
the draw in that game well tomorrow of
course this gives a somewhat i would say
psychological advantage perhaps to the
French Grand Master it had to be a
disappointing draw for the former world
champion Wladimir kramnik we look
forward to another set of exciting games
tomorrow in the shorter term controls
wooden bracelet ok click him because no
time increment so you know second
company
you